Use Positron's active runtime when inserting a code cell (#951)
quarto-dev/quarto: apps/vscode/CHANGELOG.md

- Added clickable document links for file paths in `_quarto.yml` files. File paths are now clickable and navigate directly to the referenced file (<https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto/pull/906>).
- Added filepath autocompletion in `_quarto.yml` files. When editing YAML values, the extension now suggests project files as you type (<https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto/pull/906>).

> - Now use Positron's active runtime to choose the language for new code cells in an empty document (<https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto/pull/951>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In an empty document, Positron's active runtime is now used to choose the language for a new code cell (<https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto/pull/951>).
```

It sounded odd to me before
